You are a self-defense
Stop talking, I'll see you.
You see me?
Stop kidding
When will you see a doctor?
Ah, this is me.
Hello big brother
You said it's not good for you to marry a stupid daughter-in-law?
Come come
What's the matter?
I called and didn't tell you yet.
you
Sure
You go alone
Take my wife with you
Hello
Xiaoxue, what's the matter?
I can't use the class reunion tonight
Come on, I'm not free
The little girl will give you a fart sooner or later
Haha, what are you laughing at?
See you start a family
Not afraid of happiness
Go back to accompany your wife
Don't let mom hold you back
Mom, don't worry.
Xiaoxue's family is very kind to you.
I came back this time to see you.
Are you kidding me?
Do you think I'm joking with you like this?